What
Fan Yueying is going to marry Zhao Jun
Zhao Junyong
Mr. Fan’s mother wants to replace her
Mr. Fan was also helpless
Why doesn't she come to me?
I don’t want you to be in trouble
oops
this guy
Why are you in such a hurry?
I just got the news
Zhao Jialian wedding date
All booked
Just tomorrow
Mr. Lin
I can save Mr. Fan now
only you
tomorrow
If we want to completely surrender the Zhao family
Just the two of us
Definitely not enough
We have to find another one
Strong people help us
Zhao family and Fan family
Becoming domineering in Jiangcheng
But they are all afraid of one person
Lord of Jiangcheng
Xia Xue
Then ask her for help
But City Lord Xia
Why should you help us?
Don't worry
I have everything
As long as Xia Xue is a woman
I can take her down
But what to do
Only then can City Lord Xia
help us
Short of money?
I don’t know if I’m short of money or not.
oh
But every year she
Will be held once
charity auction
Finally able
Opportunity to spend big money
Walk
This waste
He'll actually come too
that is
The auction house is getting more and more popular.
This kind of stuff can come over too
Fan Shao
You said it all
Want to vent your anger on my behalf
rest assured
Wait for me tonight
He Xia City Lord
After dinner
Squeeze him to death
Just like crushing one to death
like ants
I knew Mr. Fan was the most powerful
Jiang Yao
I have suffered for you
today
Give it all back to you
Welcome all guests
Come to this auction
i declare
Auction starts now
Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait.
This little cutie
Why are you sitting with us?
In front of Mr. Fan